Jona I have Shutts the bank rocker shut
up and dial nine-one-one
Scorpius year-old Spidey
Scorpius had it out for old Jade jonah
Jameson from day one
blaming Jameson for being stuck in his
scorpion suit
Spidey had better get back quickly or
JJJ may end up in the obituaries of his
own paper next building is pretty far
away I jump forward and then swing bet I
can reach it oh yeah
I'm sorry about that getaway Gargan your
time is running out I doubt that really
hurt me more than it hurt you
hey keep your eyes open
the sooner we take out spider-man the
son of the boss pays us chase is still
alive oh yeah
I make this look easy
listen dargah it's a new millennium lots
of hi-tech there may be some way we can
get you out of that suit you put me in
this suit now I'm going to make you pay
get over it Tarkin ruined my life so now
I'll end yours
we've Malone
chuckles but out webhead spider-man I
asked for the police and I get this you
want some more
I'm out of here
we can still make a deal more with that
oh you want some more
where that came from where that came
from
I don't know what you're trying to pull
by saving my life but it won't work oh
you're just too clever for me JJ there
he is officers a man behind the science
Expo heist shoot it now shoot him JJ out
of the wheel I mean it this time
holdin spider-man I don't want to
believe that you pulled off the heist
today I've got to make sure daredevil I
haven't got time to explain just tell me
your side of it I'll know if you're
lying how am I supposed to know you're
the real daredevil what listen
it's true a spider-man made off with
octavius's new invention but not be
spider-man not me somebody's framed me
why I don't know yet and if New York's
finest catch me it may be too late well
then you'd better get going NYPD is
coming fast that's it you believe me I
don't have to believe you I know you
aren't lying
but how let's just say you've got your
superpowers and I've got mine I'll
spread the word about your innocence not
that it'll help with the cops good luck
it's one of I headed Oh